README.md, before:

# Figma Plugins [![Figma Plugins](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-@yuanqing-1BC47D.svg)](https://figma.com/@yuanqing) [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/yuanqing/figma-plugins.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/yuanqing/figma-plugins)

> Monorepo for my Figma plugins

Name | Description
:--|:--
[**Clean Document**](packages/figma-clean-document) | Automagically organise and clean up your Figma document
[**Component Utilities**](packages/figma-component-utilities) | Copy and create components, and replace layers with components
[**Distribute Layers**](packages/figma-distribute-layers) | Distribute layers in a given direction and offset
[**Draw Slice Over Selection**](packages/figma-draw-slice-over-selection) | Draw a slice over the selection
[**Format Currency**](packages/figma-format-currency) | Format and convert between currencies
[**Language Tester**](packages/figma-language-tester) | Test your UI in different languages
[**Move Layers**](packages/figma-move-layers) | Precisely move layers
[**Organize Layers**](packages/figma-organize-layers) | Organize layers on the page
[**Select Layers**](packages/figma-select-layers) | Select layers based on similarity, name, or type
[**Set Dimension**](packages/figma-set-dimension) | Set the width or height of layers with a single click
[**Sort Layers**](packages/figma-sort-layers) | Sort layers by name or position

Commit message:

Add `Frame Navigator` to README.md

README.md, after:

# Figma Plugins [![Figma Plugins](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-@yuanqing-1BC47D.svg)](https://figma.com/@yuanqing) [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/yuanqing/figma-plugins.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/yuanqing/figma-plugins)

> Monorepo for my Figma plugins

Name | Description
:--|:--
[**Clean Document**](packages/figma-clean-document) | Automagically organise and clean up your Figma document
[**Component Utilities**](packages/figma-component-utilities) | Copy and create components, and replace layers with components
[**Distribute Layers**](packages/figma-distribute-layers) | Distribute layers in a given direction and offset
[**Draw Slice Over Selection**](packages/figma-draw-slice-over-selection) | Draw a slice over the selection
[**Format Currency**](packages/figma-format-currency) | Format and convert between currencies
[**Frame Navigator**](packages/figma-frame-navigator) | Navigate between frames on the page
[**Language Tester**](packages/figma-language-tester) | Test your UI in different languages
[**Move Layers**](packages/figma-move-layers) | Precisely move layers
[**Organize Layers**](packages/figma-organize-layers) | Organize layers on the page
[**Select Layers**](packages/figma-select-layers) | Select layers based on similarity, name, or type
[**Set Dimension**](packages/figma-set-dimension) | Set the width or height of layers with a single click
[**Sort Layers**](packages/figma-sort-layers) | Sort layers by name or position
