packages/figma-component-utilities/README.md, before:

# Component Utilities [![Figma Plugin](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-Component%20Utilities-yellow?cacheSeconds=1800)](https://figma.com/community/plugin/785894722513806497/Component-Utilities) [![installs](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?cacheSeconds=1800&url=https://yuanqing.github.io/figma-plugins-stats/plugin/785894722513806497/installs.json)](https://figma.com/community/plugin/785894722513806497/Component-Utilities) [![npm Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/figma-component-utilities?cacheSeconds=1800)](https://npmjs.com/package/figma-component-utilities)

> A Figma plugin to create and copy components, and replace layers with components

[![Component Utilities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/master/packages/figma-component-utilities/media/cover.png)](https://figma.com/community/plugin/785894722513806497/Component-Utilities)

`clone` `component` `components` `copy` `duplicate` `instance` `layers` `master` `replace` `reset` `size`

## Commands

### Create Component from Layer

Creates a Main Component from the selected layer. The selected layer then becomes an Instance of the new Main Component.

### Copy Component

Creates a copy of the selected Main Component.

### Replace with Component

Opens a modal with a list of components in the document. Choose a component in the list to replace the selected layers.

### Reset Instance Size

Sets the size of the selected Instances to the size of their respective Main Components.

## License

[MIT](/LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Add `Convert Component to Frame`

packages/figma-component-utilities/README.md, after:

# Component Utilities [![Figma Plugin](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-Component%20Utilities-yellow?cacheSeconds=1800)](https://figma.com/community/plugin/785894722513806497/Component-Utilities) [![installs](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?cacheSeconds=1800&url=https://yuanqing.github.io/figma-plugins-stats/plugin/785894722513806497/installs.json)](https://figma.com/community/plugin/785894722513806497/Component-Utilities) [![npm Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/figma-component-utilities?cacheSeconds=1800)](https://npmjs.com/package/figma-component-utilities)

> A Figma plugin to create and copy components, and replace layers with components

[![Component Utilities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/master/packages/figma-component-utilities/media/cover.png)](https://figma.com/community/plugin/785894722513806497/Component-Utilities)

`clone` `component` `components` `copy` `duplicate` `instance` `layers` `master` `replace` `reset` `size`

## Commands

### Create Component from Layer

Creates a Main Component from the selected layer. The selected layer then becomes an Instance of the new Main Component.

### Copy Component

Creates a copy of the selected Main Component.

### Convert Component to Frame

Convert the selected Main Component or Instance to a Frame.

### Replace with Component

Opens a modal with a list of components in the document. Choose a component in the list to replace the selected layers.

### Reset Instance Size

Sets the size of the selected Instances to the size of their respective Main Components.

## License

[MIT](/LICENSE.md)
